so within my career I've had to move several times and it didn't Kerr
some changes for that personally with my family and and those kind of
things I've had to move from the west coast to the east coast back
to the west coast again when I've made deployment some actually going
out of country for you know six to seven months at a time and that
that kind of takes a toll on you personally as well as what do you
have to deal with with your family so I've been able to you know move
my family to live back home with family and friends there's a support
unit when I've been on deployments and then of course moving back
and forth from coast to coast I have a tendency to where I will go
out first he kind of establish that residency and get all of our household
goods moved in and everything set up before I finally move
my wife and kids out to to live in that home so it's some more easier
transition for them to do and I kind of take on all the the heavy
lifting in that aspect